Members
Each member is categorized by a particular status. 

Full member
* Initial full members are founders of TCF, also called founding members. They are not different from other full members.
* Each full member accepts the obligation to support joint decisions aimed at ecosystem development. Failure to do so may result in downgrade to associate status.
* To become a full member, an individual has following options:
1) If 3 full members can confirm identity of an individual, they can be granted status of a full member immediately after written confirmation.
2) A poll can be created, using built-in Telegram polls. Such poll can only be created by a full member. Voting period is 48 hours. The poll must not be anonymous. Only votes from full members count. Results are determined according to SMV (Soft Majority Voting) rules, either after all full members voted or when voting period is over.
3) To prevent chained invitations, it is forbidden to grant a candidate a full member status if more than 4% of full members work for the same company as candidate. This does not prevent current full members from changing their occupation though.
* All full members are listed on the web-site. Full name & occupation (if any) are required.
* Full members must have at least one of the following: Twitter/LinkedIn/AngelList/Facebook. At least one of them will be listed on the web-site for identity confirmation purposes.

Associate
The only requirement to become an associate is to volunteer. Anybody can become TCF Associate. No additional verification required, at least now. Associates can join TCF FFA group in Telegram after filling the form at TCF web-site to discuss TCF and related events. Telegram group is free for all - anybody can join.

Observer
Members may be invited individually by TCF Committee. These are media representatives, bloggers and other people independent of TCF and TON, whose main activity is to ensure the public transparency of TCF activities - they can participate in our groups, meetings of TCF Committee and other activities, without having a voting right.

TCF Committee establishment shall be moved to July 30, 2020, because we lack time to do a proper election before April 30, 2020
Decisions affecting TCF
For each decision a vote must be started within TCF community.

Process
Voting happens in Telegram, using built-in poll function. The poll must not be anonymous. Only votes from full members count.

Voting period
For all decisions, the voting period must last no more than 48 hours.

Results
* The vote instantly ends if all full members casted their vote.
* Results are determined according to SMV (Soft Majority Voting) rules, either after all full members voted or when voting period is over.

Agreed and signed*, proposal to TON Community Foundation by @flugdreka, @rulon, @teodorix, @akhme, @tolyayanot, @waisman, @favoritefx, @rmrio.
